{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh11020\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Busy Beavers Episode Descriptions
\b0 \
\
Game #1\
It\'92s a new year and a new kind of baseball game as the Busy Beavers prepare to take on their first challengers of the season, the Washington Nationals. Our Beavers will be the guests at the Nationals\'92 own MacAdoo\'92s Backyard, which features a very fancy and very vulnerable mansion of windowpanes in left field. On the mound, our own Johan Santana squares off against the equally dangerous Ichiro in our pitching match-up. Can the Beavers pull off their first win of the season on the road no less? Stay turned to find out.\
\
Game #2\
After a towering victory of 18-3 over the Washington Nationals, the Busy Beavers are eager to take the success and energy they found on the road and bring it on home. In this, their second game of the season, they take on the Philadelphia Phillies at their own MacAdoo\'92s Backyard. Although the Phillies lost their first game of the season, they\'92re looking to come back with their featured pitcher, Andrea Nolan. Let\'92s see what time will tell us, as we gear up to play game number two in the big backyard.\
\
Game #3\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The Beavers are flying high after two huge wins, the most recent of which they had over the Phillies with a 16-2 victory at MacAdoo\'92s Backyard. In their third game, they are facing off against the Florida Marlins at Webber Estate. The Marlins are rumored to be a formidable team. Let\'92s see who will gain the upper hand in this, game number three of the Busy Beavers\'92 season.\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Game #4\
Our boys and girls on the Beavers team return home after defeating their third rival in a row, the Florida Marlins. Today, they are again in their own backyard, facing the New York Mets. The Mets are 2 and 1 and are looking to make that 3 and 1 with this game. Our pitching match-up today will be our own Johan Santana against Jim Kiley. Can our Beavers continue their sweep or will the Mets put them in their place? Stay tuned to find out.\
\
Game #5\
Just as soon as they win another victory at home against the Mets, the Beavers take their hard-earned experience on the road to the Atlanta Braves\'92 home stadium. The Braves are coming to the field with a 2-2 record thus far and they want to leverage the power they have at the plate to turn another game in their favor. Petra Checkov (0.00 ERA) will be covering for their usual pitcher, Ken Nakata (9.34 ERA) today down at the docks. Let\'92s see where this set of unusual circumstances will lead us as we play game number five!\
\
Game #6\
Even though they will be returning to MacAdoo\'92s Backyard, the Beavers will still be \'93on the road\'94 in their sixth game of the season against the Colorado Rockies. Their opposing team features a .600 average and a somewhat unheralded pitcher, but that won't deter the Beavers from seeking win number 6 in their march to the post-season. Tune in to catch the action!\
\
Game #7\
It\'92s lucky number seven, as they say! To celebrate, we\'92re doing an off-the-cuff broadcast style for this game. (It actually turned out to be a terrible idea. We apologize. ;) ) The Beavers face off against the Cincinnati Reds in this slap-happy edition of Throwback Sports Productions. Happy listening!\
\
Game #8\
It\'92s a clash of the titans in the eighth game of the Beavers\'92 season. Our boys and girls are facing off agains the Los Angeles Angels who are 7-0, a record that matches ours exactly. Angelo Williams will get the nod against our staunch defender of the mound, Johan Santana. In addition to the Angels\'92 stellar pitching staff, they have a dangerous trio starting off their batting lineup - Winston, Santos and Hardy are itching to launch the ball and pound the dirt so our home team needs to watch out!\
\
Game #9\
\pard\tx3492\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Our Beavers will face off against the Slimy Sluggers in their ninth game of the regular season. The Sluggers are ranked 2 and 6, which places them fifth in the AL West. They will be bringing out Vladimir Womak (ERA 4.27) to the mound to contend with our steady starter, Johan Santana (ERA 3.75) in today\'92s pitching match-up. Will a few new faces upset our aces? Stay tuned to find out.\
\
Game #10\
It\'92s the second home game in a row for our Beavers. We will be facing off against the Washington Nationals, a team we haven\'92t seen since game one of the regular season. In the pitcher\'92s duel, we have our Santana facing the Nationals\'92 steady rockstar, Erin Harris. Have the Nationals beefed up their defenses since last time? Let\'92s see how things have changed in nine games!\
\
Game #11\
\
}