{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Junior Bombers Episode Descriptions\
\

\b0 Game #2\
Ladies and gentlemen, it's back! That's right, it's another season of Backyard Baseball 2001! This time around, we have the Junior Bombers, looking to make it all the way to the postseason and ultimately the Backyard World Series. Join your favorite hosts from Throwback Sports Productions and all of your favorite players as the season rolls on! This is the second game of the regular season (the first one failed to record, unfortunately), brought to you by Throwback Sports Productions, Andersen Windows of Colorado, and our partnership with Funzerg (funzerg.com). Enjoy!\
\
Game #3\
It was a spirited pitcher's duel between Amir Khan and Stan Olafson as the Bombers had a nail-biter of a contest with the Devil Rays at home. "Small ball" proved to be the difference in the game as the Bombers eventually pulled off the walk-off winner in extra innings to remain in a tie for the top spot in the A.L. East standings. Thanks to the good folks at fungerz.com for partnering with us. Enjoy!\
\
Game #4\
In the fourth game of the year, the Bombers break out the RBIs like crazy as Pablo Sanchez leads the way with a legit over-the-building home run at Tin Can Alley and hits for the cycle in a rout of the Orioles on the road. They keep pace with the Blue Jays for first place in the A.L. East standings. Stay tuned for more!\
\
Game #5\
In a rematch from the second game of the season, the Bombers and Blue Jays tangle for the top spot in the A.L. East as the Bombers look to exact revenge on red-hot Jay Green and the Jays on the road. Things looked good until the final frame, when Jay Green and Co. came through again, tying the game with a four-spot in the bottom of the 6th and sent the game to extras. Pablo Sanchez hit his second home run of the game in the top of the 7th and the Bombers squeaked out a close win to claim first place outright in the standings. Enjoy!\
\
Game #6\
It's another showdown between the Bombers and Devil Rays as Ronny Dobbs pitches a gem and strikes out plenty in a pitcher's duel. Pablo Sanchez (who else?) delivers the only run of the game in the 1st and the Bombers hold on for the 1-0 win and improve to 5-1 on the season. Also, we have improved audio quality now, so things should sound much better. Anyway, enjoy! :D\
\
Game #7\
The Bombers closed out their 4-game road trip and first half of the regular season with an absolute blowout victory at the Royals. Pablo Sanchez sets a new team record for RBIs in a game (9) and Amir Khan goes 4 2/3 innings to pick up the win. Now with even better audio quality (and more improvements to come soon, too. :) ). Enjoy!\
\
Game #8\
In the 8th game of the season, the Bombers take on the White Sox and Ronny Dobbs continues his insane pitching as the home team routs the Sox in a 10-0 shut-out. The Bombers are now at 7-1 for the year and gunning for locking a playoff spot. Also, we have further improved the in-game audio quality! (NOTE: we STILL don't have a broken window in hi-def stereo yet, but trust me, it will come... ;) ) Anyway, enjoy! :D\
\
Game #9\
The Bombers face a fairly potent offense as Amir Khan faces a high-flying Hornets team and the dangerous Leah Wayne. It was a fairly close game to the end, but the Bombers pulled out the narrow victory, 4-2, and climb ever-closer to a potential playoff spot. We also have our FIRST-EVER HIGH-DEF BROKEN WINDOW!!! :D Enjoy!\
\
Game #10\
We've hit double-digits, folks! Yup, it's the tenth game of the regular season as the Bombers take on the Athletics. Ronny Dobbs keeps on trucking on the mound, pitching 5 2/3 innings (not six; I goofed) of scoreless ball as the Bombers shut out the Athletics 2-0 and stay atop all of baseball in the standings, and have punched their ticket to the postseason with at least a wild-card berth. Stay tuned for more action!\
\
Game #11\
The Bombers face one of the hardest-hitting teams in the league when they take on the Monsters at home for the right to stay top dog in the league. Amir Khan has a very good outing and Pablo Sanchez and the rest of the crew has plenty of hits as the Bombers claim victory, taking their division, and move ever-closer to securing home field advantage in the playoffs. Enjoy!\
\
Game #12\
It's a special 4th of July broadcast for game 12! The Bombers take on yet another high-flying opponent in the Melonheads, with Ronny Dobbs getting the start. Dobbs had an uncharacteristic outing, giving up 7 runs in the effort, but the Bombers and Pablo Sanchez picked him up and provided plenty of offense to secure the win and improve to 11-1 on the year, winning their 10th game in a row. Enjoy!\
\
Game #13\
With a wild-card spot up for grabs, the scrappy Giants pose a challenge for the Bombers on the road in a close contest. Amir Khan pitches very well with another complete-game effort and the Bombers eke out a 2-1 win, improving to 12-1 on the year. Final game of the regular season is next against the Twins as we wrap up the season at home. Enjoy!\
\
Game #14\
In the final game of the regular season the Bombers close things out against the Twins, who are battling for the coveted A.L. Wild Card spot. Ronny Dobbs has a bounceback start on the mound and pitches a complete-game shutout, further giving himself consideration to start Game #1 of the ALDS as the Bombers win 3-0 and finish the year with a league-best 13-1 record and the #1 overall seed in the postseason. Next up is the Postseason Preview sportscast to get you all caught up on all of the match-ups in both leagues. It's playoffs sportscasts, baby! BE EXCITED. :D\
\
Bombers Postseason Preview Edition\
It's the precursor to the playoffs! In the lead-up sportscast to the start of the postseason and the Bombers' series against the Twins, Ben and I break down all of the match-ups in both leagues and compare/contrast the strengths, weaknesses, who's hot and who's not in this Postseason Preview Edition of the Junior Bombers' 2016 season. Get caught up on all of the playoff hype and stats before the first slate of games. Enjoy!\
\
ALDS Game #1\
It's the first game of the playoffs, baby! :D The Bombers and Twins square off in Game #1 of the ALDS as Ronny Dobbs takes the hill for the second consecutive start against the Twins. Dobbs found trouble early as the heavy hitters for Minnesota came out swinging with three runs in the top-half of the first inning. The Bombers' bats responded with runs of their own and Dobbs eventually settled into a groove, pitching a complete game and getting the victory in a 7-3 triumph. Game #2 is next, with a must-win situation for the Twins and the Bombers looking to wrap up the divisional round. Stay tuned for more playoff baseball action... :D\
(Brackets: http://challonge.com/16jbombersps)\
\
ALDS Game #2\
In Game #2 of the ALDS, the Bombers put on an offensive onslaught against Bobby Bulgrien and the Twins as Pablo Sanchez and Co. rout the Twins 35-5 for the two-game sweep and roll into the ALCS to face the Royals and see who will advance to the Backyard World Series. (NOTE: This is the longest game broadcast and the most runs scored by the Bombers EVER) Enjoy!\
(Brackets: http://challonge.com/16jbombersps)\
\
ALCS Game #1\
After sweeping the Twins in two games, the Bombers have moved on and take on the scrappy Kansas City Royals in Game #1 of the ALCS. Ronny Dobbs gets the start in a very close game as the Bombers hang on to take the first game 3-2 and get a huge leg up in the best-of-three series. Tune in for Game #2 later on. Cheers!\
(Brackets: http://challonge.com/16jbombersps)\
\
ALCS Game #2\
It's do-or-die for the Royals as the Bombers look to sweep another series and punch their ticket to the Backyard World Series. Amir Khan gets the nod for the Bombers as this game took extras to complete. The Royals and Bombers go back and forth in a thrilling finish, with the game ending in the 7th inning. Will the Royals gut out a win and force Game #3? Will the Bombers complete the sweep and move on to the Backyard World Series? Take a listen to find out.... Enjoy!\
(Brackets: http://challonge.com/16jbombersps)\
\
Backyard World Series Game #1\
It's Game #1 of the Backyard World Series, folks! :D The Bombers, fresh off their thrilling two-game sweep of the Royals, take on the venerable Colorado Rockies in a best-of-five, winner-takes-the-whole-enchilada series for the right to be crowned Backyard World Series champion. Getting the start for the Bombers is Amir Khan who is looking to bounce back from a less-than-stellar performance last game. Opposing him is the Rockies' Erin Harris, who looks to put up a good fight and give the Rockies a chance in the all-important first game. Both teams play well and both pitchers go the distance in a tight battle, but the Bombers pull out the walk-off win thanks to (who else?!) Pablo Sanchez's three-run dinger and take the opening game 4-2. Ronny Dobbs looks to keep the momentum going with the start in Game #2. Join us next time for more high-flying postseason baseball action! :D\
(Brackets: http://challonge.com/16jbombersps)\
\
Backyard World Series Game #2\
The Bombers look to continue their winning ways in Game 2 of the Backyard World Series as Ronny Dobbs gets the nod and Erin Harris is back on the mound for her second consecutive start for the Rockies. In yet another close game, the Bombers pull off a 2-0 complete-game shutout of the Rox with a brilliant performance by Dobbs, taking a 2-0 series lead, and are now one win away from taking the Backyard World Series crown. Tune in next time for what could be the final game of this series and this season. Enjoy!\
(Brackets: http://challonge.com/16jbombersps)\
\
Backyard World Series Game #3\
It's Game #3 of the Backyard World Series as the Bombers look to close out the series in sweeping fashion. In yet another pitcher's duel, both Amir Khan and Erin Harris trade well-pitched innings until the Bombers finally break things open for some runs in the latter innings and with the Rockies' offense struggling and their defense not quite up to par, the Bombers hold on and clinch the victory and series sweep. The Bombers finish the postseason with series sweeps in each of their three match-ups. Tune in next time for some more sportscasting fun from Throwback Sports Productions. See you next season! :D\
\
(Final Brackets: http://challonge.com/16jbombersps)}