{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\vieww12000\viewh14500\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Follow the brackets: http://challonge.com/melonheads2017\
Support the podcast: patreon.com/throwbacksportsproductions\
We're on the Facebooks! facebook.com/throwbacksportsproductions
\b \
\
Mighty Melonheads Episode Descriptions\
\

\b0 Game #1\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 In the first game of the season the Melonheads take on the Arizona Diamondbacks with Kenny Kawaguchi facing the venerable Randy Johnson. Offense was plentiful for the Melonheads as Achmed Khan, Kiesha Phillips, and Pete Wheeler contributed; Kawaguchi pitched a splendid first game and the Melonheads downed the D-backs 9-1 for their maiden victory. Tune in again for the next game. Cheers!\
\
Game #2\
It's a match-up of the top two teams in the N.L. West as the Melonheads take on the Giants. In a closely contested game down the stretch, the Giants jumped out to an early 3-0 lead, but the Melonheads answered in the middle innings to pull even. It came down to the final two innings, and the Melonhead bats got the job done with timely hitting, pulling ahead 5-3 and Ernie Steele pushed through and sealed the two-run victory. The Melonheads now lead the pack in the N.L. West and look to continue their winning ways against the Dodgers next. Enjoy!\
\
Game #3\
The Melonheads face the L.A. Dodgers in another home game and this time go up against an infielder-turned-pitcher, Shawn Green. The Dodgers look to get their first win on the young season, while the Melonheads look to continue their win streak and put Kenny Kawaguchi on the mound. It was a well-pitched game on both sides until the Melonhead bats broke out with a big fourth inning, and the K-man shut the Dodgers down en route to a complete-game shut-out, 6-0. Next game is a rematch against the Diamondbacks. Enjoy!\
\
Game #4\
In a re-match of the first game of the year, the Melonheads take on the Arizona Diamondbacks and face a much-improved Randy Johnson. In a surprising pitcher's duel, Melonheads' Ernie Steele pitched well down the stretch with Johnson matching him inning-for-inning. The Melonheads seemed destined for victory, up 3-1 late in the game, but the Diamondbacks pulled out the improbable, tying things up in the top of the 6th and sending the game to extras. It all came down to the 8th, where the Melonheads had a chance to pull out the walk-off. Take a listen to find out... ;)\
\
Game #5\
The Melonheads and Giants face off for the second time this season, and it's a good one. Kenny Kawaguchi was on point once again, firing a complete-game shut-out and Kiesha Phillips blasted a 3-run homer in the first inning off of hard-luck Giants' ace Grace Tipton. The Melonheads are now 5-0 and look to continue their streak against the Dodgers. Enjoy!\
\
Game #6\
In their final inter-division regular season meeting, the Melonheads take on the L.A. Dodgers and Shawn Green. Ernie Steele gets the nod to start on his literal home field (Steele Stadium) and pitches an absolute gem in his own backyard. The Dodgers are stifled once again as small ball and an unexpected home run from Pete Wheeler in the late innings propels the Melonheads to a shut-out win and are now 6-0 for the year. Tune in next time as they round out their three-game road trip at the Atlanta Braves. Enjoy!\
\
Game #7\
We're half-way through the season, folks! Yes, the Melonheads round out the first half of their season against the Atlanta Braves in a high-octane, back-and-forth effort. Kenny Kawaguchi finally got tagged for some runs and it took everything both sides had to finish this game off. Will the Braves pull of the incredible upset or will the Melonheads remain undefeated? Take a listen to find out...\
\
Game #8\
After a perfect 7-0 start to the season, the Melonheads take on a pesky Marlins team in a pitcher's duel. Ernie Steele pitched a gem and the Marlins' Luanne Lui stayed tough on the mound as well, but ultimately fell as the Melonheads squeaked by with the victory 1-0. Steele pitched a complete game one-hitter in what was by far his best outing of the season. With the Wild Card in both leagues up for grabs, the race to the playoffs is in full swing. Will the Melonheads continue to steamroll the league and be the favorites for first-round postseason play? We shall see... Enjoy!\
\
Game #9\
Kenny Kawaguchi and the Melonheads take on the winless Cubs in the latest installment of Backyard Baseball '01. The K-man put up a good outing, yet the Cubs remained pesky as we had ourselves another close game. Could the Cubs eke out a win for the first time? Did Kenny fare better than his last outing against the Braves? Tune in to find out...\
\
Game #10\
The Melonheads are a win away from clinching their spot in the postseason, and take on the Wombats, who are fighting for their playoff lives in the N.L. Central. Ernie Steele gets the nod and it's a close contest the whole way through. Can the Melonheads pull off the clincher? Take a listen... ;)\
\
Game #11\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf0 The Melonheads continue their brief road-trip with a visit to the Oakland Athletics. Oakland is vying for a play-off spot, just one game behind in the A.L. West standings, while the Melonheads and Kenny Kawaguchi look to put up another good game as they gear up for the postseason. Tune in to the action!\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Game #12\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf0 The Melonheads are rolling, having clinched a spot in the postseason and have just three games remaining to prepare for their first playoff game. The Monsters need to win out and hope for some help down the stretch if they want to punch their ticket to the postseason, putting everything on the line beginning with this game. Tiffany Bosworth will get the nod against a steady Ernie Steele. It\'92s a clash of best-versus-desperate in today\'92s contest. Enjoy!\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Game #13\
After suffering their first defeat of the season, the Melonheads look to put up a strong showing against the Toronto Blue Jays, who are fighting for the A.L. Wild Card. The Jays hold a 1-game lead with two games to play, and will put Krissy Mulligan on the mound for the first time this season. The Melonheads will counter with their ace Kawaguchi, who is making his last scheduled start of the regular season. Will the Melonheads bounce back and crack open the offense or will the Blue Jays deal them their second loss in a row? Tune in to find out\'85\
\
Game #14\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 It\'92s the final game of the regular season! The Melonheads come into today\'92s game riding very high after a perfect game pitched by Kenny Kawaguchi in a win over the Toronto Blue Jays. Ernie Steele will look to keep the good vibes going as he squares off against the Astros\'92 Stevie Lindt. Tune in as we round out the regular season and head into the playoffs! Enjoy!\
\
Postseason Preview Edition\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
It's the first broadcast of the Postseason, folks! In this, we break down each matchup in the American and National Leagues and give our two cents on how each game might go down.\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
NLDS Game #1\
It\'92s the first game of the playoffs as the Melonheads face the Atlanta Braves, a team that gave us a run for our money in the only meeting between the two teams during the regular season. The Melonheads edged the Braves by a run in that game, but Atlanta is looking to steal the crucial first game of this three-game series. Angela Delvecchio will get the start for the Braves against Mr. Perfect Game himself: Kenny Kawaguchi. This game\'97and this series\'97could go either way\'85 Enjoy!\
\
NLDS Game #2\
The Melonheads come into today\'92s game riding high after taking Game 1 at home and now have to take their pitching show on the road where they again face Angela Delvecchio. Ernie Steele gets the nod for the Melonheads in his first postseason start. The Braves are in a must-win situation, but feel more comfortable at home; look for a good game all around. Will the Melonheads sweep and move on, or will the Braves hang on and force Game 3? Stay tuned\'85\
\
NLCS Game #1\
After a convincing 2-0 sweep of the Atlanta Braves, the Melonheads come into the NLCS on a wave of confidence as they take on the Cincinnati Reds. The Reds, having swept their series with the Phillies, are set to give the Melonheads a tough test and send out their ace, Peter Levine. The Melonheads will counter with Kenny Kawaguchi, who looks to continue his top pitching form. Who will take the crucial Game 1 and the momentum heading into Game 2? Find out\'85\
\
NLCS Game #2\
The bats came alive for the Melonheads in Game 1 as they pounded the Reds 12-0 to take the first game. The Reds have their backs to the wall in a must-win situation. Can Peter Levine and Co. bounce back to force a deciding Game 3, or will the Melonheads keep on rolling with Ernie Steele at the pitching helm? Only time will tell\'85\
\
Backyard World Series Game #1\
We\'92ve made it, folks! :D Yes, the Melonheads are in the Backyard World Series, having swept the Cincinnati Reds, and take on a pesky-yet-solid team in the Crazy Bombers. Both teams come into this series with very good pitching and the ability to generate offense at opportune times. The Melonheads will put out their ace Kenny Kawaguchi in the hopes for a sturdy pitching performance. The Bombers will counter with Nancy Chin, who is feeling extra-confident to start today\'92s game. This is sure to be a tight series, and anything can happen. Enjoy!\
\
Backyard World Series Game #2\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 The Melonheads begin today\'92s game leading the series 1-0 after blanking the Bombers in Game 1 and look to follow it up with another solid performance in Game 2. The Bombers will counter with their ace-of-all-trades: Leah Wayne. She\'92ll get the nod at pitcher while Ernie Steele looks to continue his good post-season form. Will the Bombers break through and stifle Kiesha Phillips and the Melonheads\'92 bats, or will the Man of Steele bring the Melonheads one game closer to a Backyard World Series title? Take a listen and find out\'85}