{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Mighty Wombats Episode Descriptions\
\

\b0 Game #3\
The Phillies give the Wombats quite a scare, scoring three runs in the top of the 6th, but Amir Khan gets out of a bases-loaded jam to secure the 4-3 win. Hard-fought and well-done.\
\
Game #4\
A thrilling comeback win for the Wombats, a solid win for Ronny Dobbs, and the Mets come up short again. What a game! :D\
\
Game #5\
A fine outing by Amir Khan, and the Wombats play long-ball for another convincing victory.\
\
Game #6\
Game #6 on Independence Day! Ironically, against the Phillies... Anyway, a good start by Ronny Dobbs, and the Wombats look for their sixth straight win. A great way to spend the 4th of July.\
\
Game #7\
Well, all good things must come to an end... The Wombats start off well enough, but are done in by some excellent defense and a few special plays, and fall to the Bombers on the road. Still keeping the lead in the NL East, though.\
\
Game #8\
Today's game featured an excellent pitching matchup with Ronny Dobbs going the distance in a 1-0 win over the Milwaukee Brewers, improving the Wombats to 7-1 on the season.\
\
Game #9\
In a thrilling finish, the Wombats and Amir Khan hold on to a 1-run lead, and Pablo Sanchez makes a great relay throw with Schultz relaying it to home to gun down the Padres' tying attempt and seal the win. The Wombats now stand at 8-1 on the year.\
\
Game #12\
In tonight's game, Ronny Dobbs pitches a complete-game shutout against the visiting Texas Rangers, winning 3-0, and the Wombats improve to 11-1 on the year. They have clinched the division and are playoff-bound! Join us for the final broadcast of the regular season next time.\
\
Game #13\
In the final home game of the year, Amir Khan pitches a complete-game shutout, and the Wombats hit 4 home runs in a victory over the Monsters. The next broadcast will be a post-season preview as we wrap up the regular season and gear up for the playoffs. Enjoy!\
\
Postseason Preview Edition\
It's the Postseason Preview Edition broadcast! Here we discuss the Wombats' series with the Reds, look at the other match-ups around the league, talk stats, probables, wrap up the regular season, and prep for the playoffs. Game 1 is on Thursday, baby! Bring it on!\
\
NLDS Game #1\
In Game 1 of the NLDS, the Wombats survive a marathon 12-inning affair and walk off the Reds thanks to heroics by Pablo Sanchez and take the first game of the best of 3 series. Game 2 is next at the Reds.\
\
NLDS Game #2\
The Wombats rely on good pitching from Ronny Dobbs and opportunistic offense to down the Reds in Game 2 of the NLDS and sweep the series, thus punching their ticked to the NLCS and a date with the Houston Astros. Full coverage from the game at Sandy Flats. Enjoy! :D\
\
NLCS Game #1\
In Game 1 of the NLCS, the offense was on fire for both sides, with a combined 21 runs put up between the Astros and Wombats. The Wombats and Pablo Sanchez (4-4, 3 HR) pulled out an up-and-down win, 12-9, and took the first game of the NLCS. Game 2 to follow shortly.\
\
NLCS Game #2\
The Wombats stay patient at the plate and on the mound and best the Astros once again. With this win, the Wombats advance to the Backyard World Series and face the Melonheads at the Super Colossal Dome! Bring your foam fingers, y'all! It's going to be a great series.\
\
BWS Game #1\
Game 1 of the Backyard World Series between your Wombats and the Melonheads! Amir Khan pitches another complete game, and the offense comes out swinging for the 'Bats as they trounce the opposition and take Game 1. Game 2 to follow.\
\
BWS Game #2\
In Game 2 of the Backyard World Series the Wombats use a tandem of pitchers to get the job done in a spirited and thrilling pitcher's round-robin for both sides. Timely hitting by the Wombats leads to enough runs and key pitching by Amir Khan gets the 'Bats out of a key jam late in the game, leading to the win. Game #3 is next. Stay tuned....\
\
BWS Game #3\
In Game 3 of the Backyard World Series we had a pitcher's duel throughout the game, with the offense provided by the one and only Pablo Sanchez for the Wombats. Both Amir Khan and Earl Abbot pitched splendidly as the game came down to the wire. Will the Wombats pull off the victory to sweep the series and claim the crown, or will the Melonheads put on a comeback and force Game 4? Take a listen to find out... ;)}